Yue Shen Tingting was arrested at the police station
Let's go and save her
I'm not going to save her.
Why is Tingting your only sister?
Comrade Yang Yujie
Don't you know?
What are you talking about?
I don't care what you mean.
Gotta save people first
Could it be that you don't want a sister anymore?
I have severed my brother-sister relationship with Zhou Tingting
How can you cut ties with Tingting late at night?
You are half-siblings
Has a natural and continuous family love
Why did I cut ties with Zhou Tingting?
Don't you know?
Of course I know.
Tingting has already said
It was the yearning to provoke you that broke the sibling relationship
How can I miss you like this?
You are a sister-in-law
Even if Zhou Tingting, this little sister-in-law
What's wrong with sitting?
You can't let Yue Sheng break up with him either
They also arrested people in the Public Security Bureau